Hatch to manage Python virtualenvs (#87)
y-crdt/ypy: README.md

## Development Setup

> 0. [Install Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) and [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/) (consider [pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv))

Reviewer: Maybe also mention conda/mamba for installing Rust and Python?
```console
mamba install rust python
```

> 1. Install [hatch](https://hatch.pypa.io/1.2/install/) (`python -m pip install hatch`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install [hatch](https://hatch.pypa.io/latest/install/) (`python -m pip install hatch`)
```

2. Create a development build of the library

>    

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Make sure to `unset CONDA_PREFIX` if you are in a conda environment.
```

```

> python -m hatch run maturin develop

Reviewer: I think it is a bit too much to always prepend `python -m`:
```suggestion
hatch run maturin develop
```

Author: Did you get a binary on your path when you installed hatch? I have Python 3.9.11 via pyenv as my default python (WSL OS). When I `python -m pip install hatch`, I can use `python -m hatch` afterwards but `hatch` is not found. I was going to actually drop a note on the hatch repo saying their docs seemed inconsistent with my experience.

Reviewer: Yes, `hatch` is in my path. Maybe worth opening an issue there?

Author: yep I'll bring it up, switched the examples to use `hatch` and put a caveat next to the CONDA env caveat

## Development Setup

0. [Install Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) and [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/) 

>   - Some alternative bootstrapping options are [pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv) for Python and using [mamba](https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge) to [mamba install rust](https://github.com/conda-forge/rust-feedstock)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Some alternative bootstrapping options are [pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv) for Python, or using [mamba](https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge) to `mamba install rust python`.
```

>   - Some alternative bootstrapping options are [pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv) for Python and using [conda](https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/index.html) to [conda install rust](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/rust)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Some alternative bootstrapping options are [pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv) for Python and using [mamba](https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge) to [mamba install rust](https://github.com/conda-forge/rust-feedstock)
```

Reviewer: Actually we should mention that we can install python and rust in a conda environment.

1. Install [hatch](https://hatch.pypa.io/latest/install/) (`python -m pip install hatch`)

> 2. Create a development build of the library

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should remain agnostic to the users' package manager of choice in the setup. If we provide the default instructions with `pip` and have a `pyproject.toml`, more advanced users will be able to leverage it regardless of whether they are using poetry or hatch

Author: I'm good with whatever wording you want to use here. I think the original docs got across the point that you need bootstrapping before being able to build ypy, and these do as well.

Author: I'm not entirely sure what tweaks you're asking for but I'm 👍 if you want to commit directly to the PR with the wording you'd like to see here. I think this may be the last item to resolve in the PR?

*Make sure to `unset CONDA_PREFIX` if you are in a conda environment. If `hatch` is not found on your PATH, you can run `python -m hatch` instead*
```
hatch run maturin develop
```

## Tests

> All tests are located in `/tests`. There is a `test` environment matrix defined in `pyproject.toml` that will run `pytest` against `py37` through `py310`.

Reviewer 2: This is cool!
